Doctor: Hey there, how are you feeling today?
Patient: Actually, I've been having some low back pain and stiffness in my neck.
Doctor: I'm sorry to hear that. When did your back pain start?
Patient: It started about 4 months ago when I was moving boxes.
Doctor: Can you describe the pain in your lower back?
Patient: The pain can be really sharp, especially when I move a certain way or roll over in my sleep.
Doctor: Have you tried any pain relievers, like Tylenol or ibuprofen?
Patient: Yes, I've tried both, but nothing seems to help. Ibuprofen sometimes upsets my stomach.
Doctor: How about your neck stiffness? Any weakness or numbness in your arms or hands?
Patient: No, everything feels normal except for the stiffness in my neck.

Doctor: Have you tried any treatments like physical therapy for your pain?
Patient: Yes, I did try physical therapy, but it didn't provide any relief.
Doctor: You mentioned having tingling in your right toes after your injury. Is that still a problem?
Patient: No, that resolved after about an hour.
Doctor: How about your legs? Do you feel any weakness when carrying heavy objects?
Patient: Yes, I do feel weakness in my legs when carrying heavy things.

Doctor: I'd like to examine your neck and lumbar spine to better understand your symptoms.
Patient: Okay, thank you.
Doctor: During the examination, I noticed some spasm of the paraspinal muscles and a positive straight leg raise. We'll need to do more tests to determine the cause of your symptoms.
Patient: My back has been hurting pretty bad lately. Physical therapy has helped a little bit.
Doctor: Can you describe the nature of your back pain?
Patient: It's a dull ache that's been there for a while. Sometimes it gets worse when I move around or try to do things, but it's always there.
Doctor: How long have you been experiencing this back pain?
Patient: I've been dealing with it for a few weeks now.

Doctor: Have you noticed any numbness or tingling in your legs?
Patient: Yeah, sometimes my legs feel tingly and numb.
Doctor: I'd like to prescribe meloxicam 15mg for the pain and obtain an MRI of your lumbar spine. We should also continue with physical therapy.
Patient: Okay, sounds good. Thanks for your help!

Doctor: By the way, you mentioned having a right total knee arthroplasty 2 years ago. How has your right knee been feeling since the surgery?
Patient: It's been feeling much better, about 95% improved.
Doctor: That's great to hear. Make sure to follow up with us after your MRI and continue your physical therapy in the meantime.