Doctor: Hey there, how are you feeling today? Based on your medical records, I see that you've been experiencing some low back pain with decreased flexibility. Have you noticed any other symptoms?
Patient: Actually, I've been having stiffness in my neck as well.
Doctor: Alright, let me take a look at that. First, can you tell me more about your back pain? When did it start and have you tried anything for the pain?
Patient: It started about 4 months ago when I was moving boxes. The pain can be really sharp in my lower back, especially when I move a certain way or roll over in my sleep. But I find relief when I reposition myself. I've tried taking Tylenol and ibuprofen, using heat and ice, but nothing seems to help. Although sometimes the ibuprofen upsets my stomach. And lately, I've been having trouble controlling my bladder.
Doctor: That sounds uncomfortable. Have you tried physical therapy or any other treatments for your pain?
Patient: Yes, I did try physical therapy, but unfortunately it didn't provide any relief. Should I be concerned about the bladder issue?
Doctor: It's definitely something we should keep an eye on. Now let me examine your neck for stiffness. Hmm, I don't feel any pain in the bony protuberance of your C5-C6. Have you noticed any weakness or numbness in your arms or hands?
Patient: No, everything feels normal except for the stiffness in my neck.
Doctor: Okay, thank you for sharing that. During the examination of your lumbar spine, I did notice some spasm of the paraspinal muscles and a positive straight leg raise. But I also didn't find any pain when palpating your lumbar spine. Is there anything else you'd like me to look at while we're here?
Patient: No, that should be all for now. But I'm worried about the bladder issue. What could be causing it?
Doctor: It's hard to say without further testing, but it could potentially be related to nerve compression from the back pain. We'll need to do some more tests to determine the cause.
Doctor: Hey there, how have you been feeling lately?
Patient: My back has been hurting pretty bad. It's been hard to move around and do things. Physical therapy has helped a little bit.
Doctor: I'm sorry to hear that. Can you describe the nature of your back pain? Is it sharp or dull, and are there certain activities that exacerbate the pain?
Patient: It's a dull ache that's been there for a while. Sometimes it gets worse when I move around or try to do things, but it's always there.
Doctor: How long have you been experiencing this back pain, and have you noticed any numbness or tingling in your legs?
Patient: I've been dealing with this back pain for a few weeks now. And yeah, sometimes my legs feel tingly and numb.
Doctor: Have you tried anything else besides physical therapy to manage the pain? And have you noticed any improvement in your symptoms?
Patient: No, physical therapy is the only thing I've tried. It has helped a little bit, but the pain and numbness are still there.
Doctor: Based on your symptoms and medical history, I would like to prescribe meloxicam 15mg to treat the pain. Also, we need to obtain an MRI of your lumbar spine to evaluate for possible acute disc herniation. We should also continue with physical therapy and provide a referral if necessary.
Patient: Okay, sounds good. Thanks for your help!