Doctor: Hey Ms. Lee, how are you feeling today? I wanted to ask you about the back pain you mentioned previously, but first can you tell me more about your lumbar fusion procedure?
Patient: Sure, it was a surgery to fix my lower back. They fused two of my vertebrae together to make my spine more stable. It was a few months ago, and I do feel like I can move around better now and do more things without experiencing as much pain.
Doctor: That's great to hear! Have you experienced any side effects or complications from the surgery, such as numbness, tingling, or weakness in your legs?
Patient: No, luckily I haven't had any of those. Overall, I feel like the surgery has helped me a lot and I'm glad I went through with it.
Doctor: Alright, that's good news. Now, back to your current issue - can you tell me more about your back pain? How did it start and where exactly is the pain located?
Patient: Well, I was at a birthday party and I twisted my back while dancing. Since then, the pain has been pretty bad. The pain is mostly in the middle of my back, and it's around a 6 or 7 on a scale of 1 to 10.
Doctor: I see. Does the pain radiate down your legs at all, or is it concentrated in your back?
Patient: No, it's just in my back.
Doctor: Have you noticed any positions or movements that seem to aggravate the pain, or anything that helps relieve it?
Patient: Lying flat seems to make it worse, and twisting motions definitely hurt. I haven't found anything that really helps yet.
Doctor: Thank you for letting me know. Based on your symptoms, it's possible that you may have strained a muscle or ligament in your back. I'll recommend some pain relief options and we can discuss further treatment if needed. By any chance, have you noticed any changes in your sodium or creatinine levels since the last time they were measured?
Patient: I don't know much about those levels, but I don't think I've had any problems with them.
Doctor: Okay, thank you for letting me know. Lastly, I wanted to ask you about the anxiety you mentioned in your medical history. Can you tell me more about the symptoms you experience related to your anxiety? Have you tried any relaxation techniques or coping strategies to help manage it?
Patient: Yeah, I feel really nervous and worried all the time. Sometimes my heart races and I have trouble sleeping because I can't stop thinking about things. It happens a lot, like almost every night. And during the day too, especially when I have to do something that makes me nervous or scared. I've tried deep breathing exercises and meditation, but they don't always work.
Doctor: I understand. There are other options we can explore to help manage your anxiety, such as therapy or medication. Would you be open to discussing these options further?
Patient: Yes, I would be willing to try whatever might help. Thank you, doctor.
Doctor: Can you tell me more about your prior lumbar fusion and the hardware that was used?
Patient: Oh, I had a surgery on my lower back before. They fused my lumbar spine and put some hardware in there. The X-rays show that everything is in good position.
Doctor: That's good to hear. Can you describe the location and type of hardware that was used during your lumbar fusion surgery?
Patient: The hardware they used was some metal rods and screws to hold my spine in place. I think it's around the L4-L5 area.
Doctor: Could you explain any symptoms or discomfort that you've been experiencing recently in the area where the hardware was placed, such as pain, numbness, or tingling?
Patient: Well, I've been having some pain in my lower back and legs. It's been hard to walk for long periods of time.
Doctor: Have you noticed any changes in your bowel or bladder function since the lumbar fusion surgery, such as difficulty with urination or bowel movements?
Patient: No, I haven't had any problems with that.
Doctor: Given your symptoms and history of lumbar fusion with hardware, have you had any recent MRI or CT scans to evaluate the integrity of the fusion and the hardware?
Patient: No, I haven't had any MRI or CT scans recently. Should I get one?
Doctor: It might be a good idea to schedule one to assess the stability of the fusion and hardware. Have you noticed any recent changes in your sleep patterns, appetite, mood, or energy levels that could be related to your current symptoms?
Patient: Well, I've been having trouble sleeping because of the pain. And sometimes I don't feel like eating much when my back hurts. But overall, my mood and energy levels are pretty normal.
Doctor: Are you experiencing any changes in your pain level, range of motion, or muscle weakness since the last time you saw a doctor for your lumbar fusion surgery?
Patient: Yeah, my pain level has been getting worse and it's harder to move around. And I've noticed some weakness in my legs.
Doctor: Based on your symptoms and history of lumbar fusion, have you had any recent imaging studies to evaluate the stability of the hardware and fusion site, such as an MRI or CT scan?
Patient: No, I haven't had any of those tests recently.
Doctor: Have you had any recent follow-up appointments with your surgeon or doctor to evaluate the stability of your lumbar fusion, given your worsening pain level, range of motion, and weakness?
Patient: No, I haven't seen my surgeon in a while. Should I make an appointment?
Doctor: Yes, it would be a good idea to schedule an appointment with your surgeon to assess the stability of the hardware and fusion site, given your recent symptoms. We want to make sure that everything is progressing well and that there aren't any new issues that need to be addressed. Additionally, have you been taking the Motrin as recommended, and have you noticed any improvement in your lower back pain?
Patient: No, I haven't been taking the Motrin. I didn't realize it needed to be taken with food.
Doctor: It's important to take the Motrin with food to prevent stomach upset. Please start taking it as directed and let me know if there is any improvement in your pain. And have you tried any other treatments besides ice and heat therapy to manage your lower back pain?
Patient: No, I haven't tried anything else.
Doctor: If the Motrin and ice/heat therapy aren't effective in relieving your pain, we can explore other treatment options at your follow-up appointment.